Q:How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
see the bug that was introduced?
A:diff is useful because we can only see the lines in the file
that have changed, rather than having to scan through thousands.
It also shows up exactly what has changed, so we don't have to
eyeball it, looking for extremely small differences like a
single character difference.

Q:How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A:Having easy access to the entire history of a file means you
can go back to see previous versions.  You can undo problems if
your code stops working---just go back to your previous one.

Q:What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when
to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google docs does?
A:Manual commits means the programmer has more flexibility. You can
also group commits more logically.  But the con is that the programmer
may forget to do a commit or only commit later.  Then the changes are too big
or there may not be a commit to roll back to.

Q:Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each
file separately?
A:Git lets you save multiple files in 1 commit because code changes frequently
affect multiple files at once.  Functions and Classes can be imported from 1 file
into another.  Whereas in normal documents, files aren't as interconnected.

Q:How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A:git log shows you all the commits that have been done in the past.  Each commit shown
has a unique id and timestamp.  You can use git diff <oldcommitid1> <newcommitid2> which
shows you in green the lines added, and in red the lines removed.

Q:How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A:Because if you make a change that breaks the file, you can fix it later!

Q:Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A:We want to try using Git to have a version control system for our code projects. We can
save various versions of our code and make changes without worry about breaking out code.
I also want to be able to save my code in the cloud and collaborate with friends.  We need to
use github to be able to share code across many computers.